When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
A remote repository might be useful if you want your to collaborate with others on your work.  Allowing others to view and comment on your work may lead to better results.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
For similar reasons on why to make commits at certain time, you probably want to only pull changes at certain logical points rather than automatically syncing at a specified time.  It may not make sense to pull some changes at those times and may lead to confusion as the current state of your project.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Forks are repositories belonging to other people that you would like to work with but they don't want you to directly modify their repository.  A clone is a copy of a repository with all of the same content as the original.  A branch is a part a repository but one path in the commit history.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
Having the last known state of the remote stored locally allows you to work offline on the current state of the project.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
It's possible to collaborate via email or perhaps establishing an ftp server to share files.  Both are simple and easy to use, no commands to remember.  The issue with both would be version control.  Changes would get lost rather easily and bugs would be difficult to fix.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
You might want to make changes in a separate branch before you're ready to fully update the master branch.  It also allows others to view and update the changes prior to putting them in the master.  On the other hand making the changes directly in the master branch creates a less complicated history to follow.